#01. When and why do we need lazy()?
We need lazy function from react when application grows larger. 
When application grows larger bundling takes time when moves to production,
When site loads resource download by the browser is larger and takes time to finish it, because larger
bundle given by the server to the browser.

In order to speed up site loads, we need to small bundles of resource, 'lazy' loads the bundle on-demand
which means, initial load of site it will not load all resources. When clicking/loading specific components/page by 
the user that configured bundle gets downloaded and cached, this smaller chunks of bundle loads on-demand and
the sub-sequent loading of components will not take same amount of time.
This makes application feels lighter and faster. 

#02. What is suspense?
Suspense is a component(given by react it is a react function), wrapping the lazy component,
when loading bundled resource which is an asynchronous function,
when it is in the process, user can show something in the UI that is 'loading' for better 
user experience, it has an attribute 'fallback' accepts a react element. 

#03. Why we got this error : A component suspended while responding to
synchronous input. This will cause the UI to be replaced with a loading indicator.
To fix, updates that suspend should be wrapped with startTransition? How does
suspense fix this error?

This error is thrown when user input is synchronous(ex. input field) and when based on the
input when it wants show an lazy loading component. It throws an error.
Because the input is synchronous and react nature is UI in-sync with state. Input is synchronous and
lazy loading component is asynchronous. That's why this error occurs. In modern react, this error not even
shown. React silences this error, not showing any value in the UI.

To prevent this behaviour, lazy loading component should be wrapped in a Suspense component with a fallback
attribute or setTransition method, this will load the component in background.

#04. Advantages and disadvantages of using this code splitting pattern?
 Advantages:
 - Improved Initial Load Times
 - Better Performance and User Experience
 - Efficient Resource Usage
 - Optimized Caching
 - Better Code Management

 Disadvantages:
 - Increased Complexity
 - Requires Fallback UI

#05. When do we and why do we need suspense?
When:
Data Fetching: When waiting for data from an API to load before rendering a component.
Lazy Loading Components: When breaking down applications into smaller chunks to
improve performance, loading them only when needed.

Why:
Improved User Experience: Replaces broken or empty states with engaging 
loading indicators or skeleton screens.

Declarative Loading States: Simplifies code by defining fallback UI at a higher level, 
removing the need for manual if (loading) checks in every component.